Reza, Friday, December 4


1. open file, close, quit, mute, pause, stop- these menuItems are implemented
2. there are some bugs. if you try to open a file while another file is already playing, then (see what happens.....)
3. the main problem is that the screen is not resizeable at all









Nafee, Friday, December 4

1. Now I can open a file while another is playing. (All files running simultaneously - this bug is solved).
2. Still now the media view is not resizable at all
3. Increase volume, decrease volume, mute - all these are implemented
4. Speed options - faster, normal, slower are implemented



Reza, Wednesday, December 12

1. Showing "about" in a new window(the rest is left for you..........)
2. Making the screen resizable correctly, alligning the mediaview in center(binding the mediaview in main class)
3. Adding a little in Mute and Pause button, when these buttons are pressed, they become Unmute and Play respectively
4. Now "Vol" level changes it's color when audio is mutted.
5. Toggle Fullscreen, Zoom(in four size), take snapshoot - these are implemented
6. I have changed the mediaview.fxml a lot. you should copy it directly.








Nafee, Wednesday, December 9

1. Now the help, about, play lists - all are in new window.
2. Multiple files can be open. They are shown in the table view.






Nafee, Monday, December 14

What Nafee did:

1. Now a directory can be opened.
2. Loop is implemented.
3. Randomize is implemented.

Nafee requests Reza to do the following things:

1. Make the loop button change to unloop after a loop. Again back to loop after an unloop.
2. Make the randomize button change to normalize after a randomize. Again back to randomize after a normalize.
4. make a new fxml scene containing 3 text boxes (hours, minutes & seconds), a button go. Make a controller for this.


Reza, Monday, December 14
1. Yeah, your requirments are done.
2. Three new buttons(prev, next, stop) are created and implemented
3. new fxml scene and controller are implemented which set "seekDuration" variable in main class
4. I can't open directory. there was an another exception.








Nafee, Wednesday, December 16
1. Now when I open a file or multiple files or directory, previous multipleFileRunThread will be closed. 
So I think the problem of playing two songs playing simultaneously will be solved.


Reza, Friday, December 18
1. Icons are added for different buttons
2. Now you can change the position and volume of a media by simply clicking the sliders






3. keyboard shortkuts are added for different functions. you can find them in help menu.